Add docs about linearizable registers in repositories (#102050)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/snapshot-restore/repository-gcs.asciidoc

3. Go to the https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser[Storage Browser].
4. Select the bucket and "Edit bucket permission".
5. The service account must be configured as a "User" with "Writer" access.

[[repository-gcs-linearizable-registers]]
[discrete]
==== Linearizable register implementation

> The linearizable register implementation for GCS repositories is based around
> GCS's support for strongly consistent preconditions that can be imposed on
> put-blob operations. To perform a compare-and-exchange operation on a register,
> {es} retrieves the register blob and its current generation, and then uploads
> the updated blob with a precondition saying that the generation has not changed
> in the meantime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The linearizable register implementation for GCS repositories is based on
GCS's support for strongly consistent preconditions. These preconditions can be imposed on
put-blob operations. To perform a compare-and-exchange operation on a register,
{es} retrieves the register blob and its current generation, and then uploads
the updated blob with a precondition. The precondition ensures that the generation has not changed
in the meantime.
```
